ARROW-13561: [C++] Implement week kernel that accepts WeekOptions (#11026)
apache/arrow: docs/source/cpp/compute.rst

* \(1) Outputs the number of the day of the week. By default week begins on Monday
  represented by 0 and ends on Sunday represented by 6. :member:`DayOfWeekOptions::week_start` can be used to set
  the starting day of the week using ISO convention (Monday=1, Sunday=7). Day numbering can start with 0 or 1
  using :member:`DayOfWeekOptions::count_from_zero` parameter.
* \(2) First ISO week has the majority (4 or more) of it's days in January. ISO year
  starts with the first ISO week. ISO week starts on Monday.
  See `ISO 8601 week date definition`_ for more details.

> * \(3) First US week has the majority (4 or more) of it's days in January. US year
>   starts with the first US week. US week starts on Sunday.
> * \(4) Returns week number allowing for setting several parameters.
>   :member:`WeekOptions::week_starts_monday` sets what day does the week start with (Monday=true, Sunday=false).
>   :member:`WeekOptions::count_from_zero` sets that dates from current year that fall into last ISO week of
>   the previous year return 0 if true and 52 or 53 if false.
>   :member:`WeekOptions::first_week_is_fully_in_year` sets if the first week is fully in January (true), or is a
>   week that begins on December 29, 30, or 31 considered to be the first week of the new year (false)?
> * \(5) Output is a ``{"iso_year": output type, "iso_week": output type, "iso_day_of_week":  output type}`` Struct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* \(3) First US week has the majority (4 or more) of its days in January. US year
  starts with the first US week. US week starts on Sunday.
* \(4) Returns week number allowing for setting several parameters.
  If :member:`WeekOptions::week_starts_monday` is true, the week starts with Monday, else Sunday if false.
  If :member:`WeekOptions::count_from_zero` is true, dates from the current year that fall into the last ISO week
  of the previous year are numbered as week 0, else week 52 or 53 if false.
  If :member:`WeekOptions::first_week_is_fully_in_year` is true, the first week (week 1) must fully be in January;
  else if false, a week that begins on December 29, 30, or 31 is considered the first week of the new year.
* \(5) Output is a ``{"iso_year": output type, "iso_week": output type, "iso_day_of_week":  output type}`` Struct.
```

Reviewer: Some wording tweaks just to make this flow a little better to me (feel free to accept/reject/reword as needed).
